Add trove-classifiers to key projects (#738)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/key_projects.rst

v0.7), thereby making setuptools the primary choice for Python packaging.

.. _trove-classifiers:

trove-classifiers
=================

`Issues <https://github.com/pypa/trove-classifiers/issues>`__ | `GitHub
<https://github.com/pypa/trove-classifiers>`__ | `PyPI
<https://pypi.org/project/trove-classifiers/>`__

trove-classifiers is the canonical source for `classifiers on PyPI
<https://pypi.org/classifiers/>`_, which project maintainers use to

> `sytematically describe there projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`systematically describe their projects
```

<https://packaging.python.org/specifications/core-metadata/#classifier-multiple-use>`_
so that users can better find projects that match their needs on the PyPI.

The trove-classifiers package contains a list of valid classifiers and

> deprecated classifiers(which are paired with the classifiers that replace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated classifiers (which are paired with the classifiers that replace
```

them).  Use this package to validate classifiers used in packages intended for

> uploading to the PyPI. As this list of classifiers is published as code, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uploading to PyPI. As this list of classifiers is published as code, you
```

> can script using it, providing you with a more convenient workflow compared to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can install and import it, giving you a more convenient workflow compared to
```

referring to the `list published on PyPI <https://pypi.org/classifiers/>`_. The
`issue tracker <https://github.com/pypa/trove-classifiers/issues>`_ for the

> project hosts discussions on classifiers such as requests for adding new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project hosts discussions on proposed classifiers and requests for new
```
